Time for our exercise, this is a little application,
we get three buttons for three different templates and then it looks like we got three divs here with
different colors.
Well these divs are actually three components which have absolutely nothing inside their template except
that the div which had a style with a scoped style so that it stays inside this component. And in the
app file, I simply have the buttons and these three components which I'll load in my object down there, so
far, so straightforward.
Now maybe you already guessed what the exercise is but as a first step, I want you to pass in some content
of your choice, can be some text, can be html code to each of these templates here, the same text
or the same content it should be because in this next lesson, I want to dynamically switch that.
Now back to the first part, passing in some content,
of course we want to pass it in between the opening and closing selector, so not as a prop.
Now regarding the second part, dynamically switching these components, I want you to hook up these buttons and
add some code so that only one of the three templates is displayed and the other two are not
and we can switch between them. Well with slots and dynamic components,
you should be well prepared to do that.
Let's meet for the solution in the next video.